Release 2.0 (#58)
Amsterdam/django-gisserver: docs/architecture.rst

        BinaryLogicOperator [label="BinaryLogicOperator\n<fes:And>"]
        Envelope [label="Envelope\n<gml:Envelope>"]

        Filter -> BinaryLogicOperator [label=".predicate"]
        BinaryLogicOperator -> BinarySpatialOperator
        BinaryLogicOperator -> BinaryComparisonOperator [label=".operands[...]"]
        BinarySpatialOperator -> Envelope [label=".operand2"]
        BinaryComparisonOperator -> ValueReference [label=".expression[0]"]
        BinaryComparisonOperator -> Literal [label=".expression[1]"]

        ValueReference2 [label="ValueReference"]
        SortBy -> SortProperty
        SortProperty -> ValueReference2
        SortProperty -> SortOrder

        QueryExpression -> StoredQuery [dir=back arrowtail=empty]
        StoredQuery -> StoredQueryImplementation [label=".implementation"]

        GetFeatureById
        custom [label="..."]
        StoredQueryImplementation -> GetFeatureById [dir=back arrowtail=empty]
        StoredQueryImplementation -> custom [dir=back arrowtail=empty]
    }

The top-level request parsing classes provide a ``from_xml()`` and ``from_kvp_request()`` classmethod.

> This allows the initialize the objects from the XML POST or KVP GET formats respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows the initialization of the objects from the XML POST or KVP GET formats respectively.
```
